[PLT-1917][PLT-1968][PLT-1971][PLT-1957][PLT-1956][PLT-1958] Improve upgrade flow (#740)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/upgrade.adoc

| Skip updating the workers to the intermediate Kubernetes version. This is only supported in EKS environments.
| False
| No

| `--private_registry`

> | Consider Docker registry and Helm repository as private registry and repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Treats the Docker registry and the Helm repository as private.
```
